I'm going to show you what asterisks
Luxor words ready for our Alabama game
but this video is special first of all
we're dedicating it to our friends at
all castle games in Fond du Lac
Wisconsin and the old fans of the
Aladdin's castle that was in where was
that pan Sheboygan Wisconsin so we're
gonna dedicate this special video
because we're going to show you two
completely different asteroids deluxe
machines atari made them both we don't
know what the numbers were here here are
some numbers 18,000 of these machines
were made over that in the upright form
but we don't know what the split was
between the american version and the
overseas now look see this marquee see
all the break colors here chip here is
about different color elements in it but
look here it's red and there's purple
it's not something we also noticed the
monitor glass we have it out man for
cleaning goes straight down and here's
the speaker grille the speaker's buried
back there
but on this one it tilts back in same
monitor glass and the speaker's here in
front isn't that something here's the
easy way to tell if you have an overseas
game open the coin door the American
doors have regular 44 's they also have
either dark green or brown or black
micro switches the overseas doors always
have a blue micro switch the harness is
different because the door is different
so the Tauri made up a separate harness
it's another weak way although sometimes
the blue coin switch doors don't have a
screw in light bulb very few of these I
would say didn't get overseas it's
possible this got re-imported we're not
sure we haven't done any work to this
but you can actually see it right
right clever gear look now Stephen has
touched up the artwork but there's a
quite a difference in the colour layout
and that could be from fading too but we
put blue team molding originally the
game had black so we repainted the front
but I thought that was pretty sharp all
right the 3d effect is created actually
it makes it easier because this isn't in
here see the monitor the TV's damn here
and then this black surround which is
over this and here is the black light
lit planets and ships you see I'm
wiggling it so you can kind of see what
happens but this is all pain with
fluorescent colors and there's a black
light tube up here I'm actually touching
it that lights this now it's not a black
light it's called a black plate white
it's it looks like a weight fluorescent
tube until you turn it on not then it
looks purple it's pretty sharp you can
see the effect here you look in here
carefully and it's shielded enough you
can see the ship and the planets it's
the same piece of fluorescent lip colors
in there I'm humming all over the place
here today here we go
I always liked x-rays the lots better
but we actually sell a lot more
asteroids and asteroids even though they
sell for the same price $12.99
there's another element the shields here
are really clever see I'd rather have a
shield than hyperspace say like that
that's what I would rather do but some
people still prefer the hyperspace in
the original game I think what really
people hated the Baptist for most is
that it was a lot harder and Atari did
that on purpose because people were
playing you know for half an hour an
hour and a quarter
they also programmed a ship to come out
yeah I'm almost out of my shields I get
a new load of shields and I had him back
nine now he splits up but see if you go
off the screen they don't follow you so
you're safe if you go off the screen I'm
never safe I'm not safe of doing
anything oh you know what asteroids also
saves the top three high scores the
asteroids he unplugged it all the scores
with one Atari was learning a lesson
come back here and we have kneecaps from
the power supply me big blue that's now
black courtesy of Bob Robertson it's a
collage accord app and Chris service
that we put a new strip of Quintanilla
fuses in for good measure and the
television set I'm now saying the
television set the monitor the vector
monitor has new caps and the high
voltage enemy on the
the circuit so we think this baby is
ready and you know one of the things you
always put me casters on the bottoms of
these things you wouldn't believe
we go through buckets cancers so many
people skip them they do all this work
there's a game no work you can see we're
doing extensive work to this cabinet we
can see this one when it's done most
people skip the casters I don't know why
look at this ugly thing wait and do you
see how nice this stops when we're done
this is another order we have a super
rare and no one none of you have ever
seen one a dedicated a real dedicated
gridiron by Williams you're going to see
this later that's all for now how about
running a game for your next party
my daughter Terry will tell you all
about running games for your next event
your next great and beautiful front one
or more of our games for your next event
I have both old and new and polishing
or our deliveryman rings engine system
up with jukeboxes go to our website for
more information at TNT amusements calm
we're in the yellow pages until
amusement living is good isn't it folks
that's all for now good night